Key Accountabilities

1. Design

1-2 year of experience, application server side
1 Year of application Front end side.
*
2. Coding

1-2 year of experience, application server side
1 Year of application Front end side.
3. Testing

1-2 year Test experience either in support role to application QA assistance.
4. Deployment

1-2 year Experience with deployment to production and automation around deployment
5. Task management

0-2 years Experience in leading others to complete their tasks while delivering their own projects.
Job Requirements

1. Must Have

3 to 6 yrs of Combined Technical Experience on Development and Administration (Dev Ops).
Strong knowledge of the agile framework and software engineering processes such as programming languages, methods, test development, support, algorithms, and data structures.
Experience in working with a global team located in the US and INDIA with flexible hours.
Experience with Front end ReactJS development
Experience with Back end NodeJS development
Experience with Scripting: At least one scripting language intermediary and up (example python, shell scripting).
2. Good to Have

experience with API integration, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MySQL, ORACLE database
object-oriented programming concepts, large-scale software architecture, networking and distributed systems, and UNIX/Linux environments.
Ability to manage version controls using SVN/GIT and develop applications on Linux server with Node configuration, Apache Server with LAMP configuration
Experience in developing, maintaining, and supporting computer programs requiring high-level programming language knowledge.
Experience in adding new functionality to existing computer systems, design and develop new systems by creating architecture and creating system flow diagrams and flowcharts by using object-oriented programming languages, client and server applications development processes, and multimedia and internet technology
Experience with at least one of the cloud platforms like AWS, Google Cloud, Azure. AWS preferred
Experience with basics of CI/CD pipeline with Jenkins / Gorilla stack / AWS or alike
Break down below:
1-3 Years of Experience on Development.
1-2 Years of Experience in Administration/ Development Operations (Installation and configuration and administration/support, feature addition) of enterprise grade software.
Technical Background:

OS Intermediate to Advanced in both Linux and Windows Servers;
Node JS Server development.
ReactJS Front end development
At least one programing language intermediary and one advanced (example python, java script);
At least one scripting language intermediary and up (example python, shell scripting).
Configuration of secure environments like TLS/SSL configuration, LDAP Integration.
At least one queuing technology experience (example Kafka, mqtt)
Configuration of HTTPS services with CA certificates.
Basic Networking knowledge
At least two database technology in advanced level
data modeling skills;
XML or JSON knowledge and working experience
SQL ANSI skills.
*

Job Types: Full-time, Regular / Permanent

Pay: ₹500,000.00 - ₹1,000,000.00 per year

Benefits:

Flexible schedule
Health insurance
Paid sick time
Paid time off
Work from home
Schedule:

Monday to Friday
Supplemental Pay:

Joining bonus
Education:

Bachelor's (Preferred)
Experience:

Backend NodeJS Development: 2 years (Preferred)
Front end ReactJS development: 2 years (Preferred)
Python or Equivalent Scripting: 2 years (Preferred)
Work Remotely:

Yes